Changes.
0.4 public beta, Aug 3, 2021 in process, (Sep 07, 2021 released)
This update provides support for creating more than one calendar, new alarm, calendar and diary functions, as well as bug fixes.
Warning: Unfortunately, the bug reporter has been removed and is now replaced by "bugs and suggestions". A decision has been made that email schedule support will be removed in the next release, as a result of GitGuardian.
* user changes:
1. A shortcut is added to each schedule to cancel it or remind you the next time you open the program.
1.1. Renovated main window.
1.2. Added support for enhanced accessibility.
1.3. ring1, ring2 and ring3 have been removed from the sound list, replaced by others.
1.4. Added support for alarm.
1.5. This also added support and a calendar and diary functions, in order to further expand the program.
1.6. Improved support for more than two and / or more languages through files, creating a new own translation module; these language files are in lng/language.lang. You can contribute with your preferred language and upload the file in the "errors and suggestions" form.
1.6.1. Updates have been added for languages, so when you start the program it will check for updates for them and, if possible, download new language files in case they are added.
*corrections:
2. The program no longer freezes after performing actions, eg. Configure an schedule or return to the main window.
2.1. Now if you do not have a specific month, day, hour or minute configured, you will be alerted and will not launch an error code message.
2.2. In the source code version, to avoid headaches, it is no longer strictly necessary to compile if you want to test something, since it launched the notice of the new version available.
*developing:
3. Unfortunately, the "bug reporter" option has been removed since sometimes it used to not send these reports, and has been replaced by "errors and suggestions", which opens a Google Forms page with the data to be entered in the old reporter of the previous versions.
3.1. Now it is no longer necessary to extract the sounds when running the program, it plays them in the same zip and the error alerts have been eliminated.
3.2. For developers, the $ windowsLanguage class has been removed and replaced by the @osLang macro.
0.3 public beta, April 26, 2021 in process, (May 9, 2021 released).
This update fixes bugs, adds translations, and starts with support for managing more than one calendar (not listed yet).
* User changes:
1. Now the application moves to the systray after you create an schedule.
1.1. Added "changes" menu item in help.
1.2. Improved the option to automatically start with Windows.
1.3. Added scrolling via audio.
*Corrections:
2. The Spanish translation has been improved and missing messages were added in the previous version.
2.1. Fixed error with the antivirus, which detected the program as a threat.
2.2. Fixed help menu items.
2.3. Fixes in code.
2.4. Most gui controls behave faster with screen readers.
*Development of the program:
3. Updated reader UDF.
3.1. The Crypt and Zip UDFs have been removed, as they made the antivirus detect the program as a threat; mainly this was used for sound encryption.
3.2. Now after creating an schedule, an ini file is saved with it so that in a future update the user can manage, modify or remove them.
0.2 private beta, April 21, 2021 in process, (april 23, 2021 released)
1. Added more sounds.
1.1. Added bug reporter..
1.2. Added option to see your schedules that you have programmed.
1.3. Now you can start the Mini Calendar with Windows.
1.4. Now you can choose how many minutes before to notify you.
1.5. Now the choice of second, minute and month are by means of combo boxes.
1.6. Added hour, minute and second end for the schedule.
2. Fixed bug with config language if you had the system language in English.
2.1. Fixed bug with the updates window.
2.2. Fixed terminology errors in Spanish where they generated confusion in some cases. Day number, hour number, etc.
2.3. Removed the "Failed to initialize object" error for the JAWS screen reader, if you didn't have JAWS installed and with the objects registered it was impossible to start the program.
2.4. Fixed calendar notification message, in which the minute remained 10 and did not show you the exact time.
2.5. Fixed bug when you don't have any option selected. Instead, display a message.
2.6. Fixed the coordinates of the controls.
2.7. Fixed bugs whit notification and anotation messages.
2.8. Fixed bug with menu items in the help menu in main window.
0.1 private beta, April 18, 2021.
Main version.